The last thing we have to do around our two listeners is make sure that we actually create an instance
about them when we create the incidents.
Remember, we do have to provide an instance of the Nats streaming server client.
Once we create the instance, we're then going to call the Listen method on those instances.
If you don't remember any of this.
No problem.
We can always do a command click on the less listener definition.
This thing will tell you that the constructor expects to receive an instance of the standard client
or the node streaming server client, and it's the listen function in particular that's going to make
sure that we actually start listening for incoming traffic.
So right now we're going to create our instances and start listening for these events from inside of
the indexed file inside of our Root Z directory.
So I'll open up.
Index us.
Remember inside this file, we create our net's wrapper and we get access to the Nats client inside
there.
So right after we go through all that nets initialization stuff, right after that is probably a good
time to start listening for incoming events.
So at the very top, let's import those two listeners that we just created.
I'm going to import ticket related listener.
From.
Events listeners ticket created listener.
And then something very similar ticket updated.
Listener from events listeners to get updated.
Listener.
All right, then down after we create all that natural power stuff.
Let's go ahead and create a new instance of ticket created listener.
We'll pass in our nets wrapper client.
And then we'll tell this thing to start listening for traffic.
Same thing with ticket updated as well.
So new ticket.
Updated listener that's rapper client and call listen and that should be it.
So let's now save this file and then go in to go over to Scaffold, which is still running inside my
terminal.
And hopefully you should see everything boot up without any errors.
If you don't see anything at all, remember you can always restart scaffold, but hopefully you do see
something that says that we're connected to Nats, Connect and MongoDB and so on.
Now to do a manual test of these listeners, we could try to trigger.
The ticket updated and the ticket publish or ticket up created events.
And we can do that by simply manually creating a ticket using Postman.
Once we go through that, once we create manually a ticket and update it, we should start to see some
logging console logs to say that we have a listener inside the order service that has received those
events.
So let's start to do that little manual test in the next video.